{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13360\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth14396\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1740\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9460\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 SWRS-3017
\f1 \
\
\
\

\f0 dSWRS-3017a\
\
dSWRS-3017b\
\
dSWRS-3017c\
\
\
\

\f1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Communicator application shall retrieve and display a previously acquired image in less than 2 seconds if it is locally available and in less than 6 seconds if it available with a remote network storage.
\f1 \
\

\f0 User taps on the session image to open it in edit mode. \
\
The image should load in less than 2 seconds if available locally.\
\
The image not available locally will have a cloud icon to denote a remote image (either NAS or DICOM). Tapping on the remote image will download the image to local ipad folder and open the edit image mode in less than 6 seconds\
\
Performance Test case on various network configurations\

\f1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth14396\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1736\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9090\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 SWRS-3021\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 dSWRS-3021a
\f1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Communicator application shall allow the user to manually select one or multiple image and/or video file(s) and save into a predefined location within the network storage.
\f1 \
\

\f0 From either of Session/ Timeline/ Tag search view user goes to Select mode. User taps on images/ video which will put a tick mark next to images (as designed per UI). User taps on the Action icon on the additional options bar which appears below the favorite bar and exports the selected images to pre defined location (defined in settings).\
\
Export path is specific to Site. User defines the Export path in settings. All assets so exported are copies of the originals which is maintained in App and will be annonymized. All process being followed for favorites will be applicable to Exported assets. \
\
To be discussed with Ramanand: Do we require separate paths for image/ video and Log files to be defined in settings. Will export be to a single folder for all patients? Log files? Export path will be defined by user. User uses the settings page to export the log file to specified location (currently OPMI \'96 Report a Problem (provide 2 options \'96 Email Log and export log)\

\f1 \
\
\
\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 To be discussed with Ramanand: Image can be Edited, Pinned, Favorited, Exported, Deleted. Behaviour when image is remote?
\f1 \
}